# Random-Walk-Simulation - Master-Thesis 

The main goal of this dissertation is
to build a software capable to simulate the path tracking of the persons who are
walking on a cover of IST(Illuminated Smart Tiles) in order to determine the error rate of the sensors that are responsible to detect and follow the exact positions of the person’s feet on the tiles.

## This projects includes seven scripts:

1. simulation.py
2. show_tile.py
3. show_feet.py
4. track.py
5. diffrence.py
6. aggregate.py
7. diffrence_all.py

### simulation.py:
```simulation.py``` should be run before runing the scripts ```show_tile.py```,
```show_foot.py``` and ```track.py```.

```simulation.py``` generates walking data on a random path. 
It gets two names as the parameters and generates two csv files 
with the same names.
For example:
```
python simulation.py "tilesim.csv" "feetsim.csv"
```

### show_tile.py:
```show_tile.py``` gets generated files by ```simulation.py``` that keeps 
information about tiles and its overlap-area between foot and tiles as argument.
It displays the tiles animation.
For example:
```
python show_tile.py "tilesim.csv"
```

### show_feet.py:
```show_feet.py``` gets generated file by ```simulation.py``` that keeps 
information about steps as argument.
It displays the steps animation.
```
python show_feet.py "feetsim.csv"
```

### track.py:
```track.py``` gets two arguments:
1. Generated file by ```simulation.py``` that  keeps 
information about tiles and its overlap-area between foot and tiles.
2. The output file name that keeps estimated feet coordinates.
It estimates feet coordinates(x,y).
For example:
```
python track.py "tilesim.csv" "track.csv"
```

### diffrence.py:
It displays error graph between real foot position and detected foot position.
It gets two files as arguments:
1. The output file that keeps real feet position. It is generated ```simulation.py```.
2. The output file that keeps detected feet position.It is generated by ```track.py```.
```
python diffrence.py "feetsim.csv" "track.csv"
```

### aggregate.py:
It gets two different files which generated by ```simulation.py``` that keeps 
information about tiles and aggregates the weights from two diffrent files into a single file.
Also, It can get output file as third argument.
For example:
```
python aggregate.py "tilesim1.csv" "tilesim2.csv" "output.csv"
```

### diffrence_all.py:
It displays error graph between real foot position and detected foot position for
all existed files in a specific directory.
It gets directory path as arguments:
The script read only files with ```_real.csv``` and ```_detected.csv``` suffixes.
For example:
```
python diffrence_all.py "/Users/FolderName"
```
